readme.md, before:

![Built With Stencil](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Built%20With%20Stencil-16161d.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idXRmLTgiPz4KPCEtLSBHZW5lcmF0b3I6IEFkb2JlIElsbHVzdHJhdG9yIDE5LjIuMSwgU1ZHIEV4cG9ydCBQbHVnLUluIC4gU1ZHIFZlcnNpb246IDYuMDAgQnVpbGQgMCkgIC0tPgo8c3ZnIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaWQ9IkxheWVyXzEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyIgeG1sbnM6eGxpbms9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkveGxpbmsiIHg9IjBweCIgeT0iMHB4IgoJIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIiBzdHlsZT0iZW5hYmxlLWJhY2tncm91bmQ6bmV3IDAgMCA1MTIgNTEyOyIgeG1sOnNwYWNlPSJwcmVzZXJ2ZSI%2BCjxzdHlsZSB0eXBlPSJ0ZXh0L2NzcyI%2BCgkuc3Qwe2ZpbGw6I0ZGRkZGRjt9Cjwvc3R5bGU%2BCjxwYXRoIGNsYXNzPSJzdDAiIGQ9Ik00MjQuNywzNzMuOWMwLDM3LjYtNTUuMSw2OC42LTkyLjcsNjguNkgxODAuNGMtMzcuOSwwLTkyLjctMzAuNy05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNmgzMzYuOVYzNzMuOXoiLz4KPHBhdGggY2xhc3M9InN0MCIgZD0iTTQyNC43LDI5Mi4xSDE4MC40Yy0zNy42LDAtOTIuNy0zMS05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNkgzMzJjMzcuNiwwLDkyLjcsMzEsOTIuNyw2OC42VjI5Mi4xeiIvPgo8cGF0aCBjbGFzcz0ic3QwIiBkPSJNNDI0LjcsMTQxLjdIODcuN3YtMy42YzAtMzcuNiw1NC44LTY4LjYsOTIuNy02OC42SDMzMmMzNy45LDAsOTIuNywzMC43LDkyLjcsNjguNlYxNDEuN3oiLz4KPC9zdmc%2BCg%3D%3D&colorA=16161d&style=flat-square)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/proyecto26/animatable-component/graphs/commit-activity)
[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Downloads][downloads-image]][npm-url]
[![TotalDownloads][total-downloads-image]][npm-url]
[![Twitter Follow][twitter-image]][twitter-url]

[npm-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/v/@proyecto26/animatable-component.svg
[npm-url]:https://npmjs.org/package/@proyecto26/animatable-component
[downloads-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@proyecto26/animatable-component.svg
[total-downloads-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@proyecto26/animatable-component.svg?label=total%20downloads
[twitter-image]:https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/jdnichollsc.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20me
[twitter-url]:https://twitter.com/jdnichollsc

# `<animatable-component/>`

Web Component built with `Stencil.js` to use [Web Animations API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Animations_API) in a declarative way.

```
<animatable-component
  autoPlay
  easing='ease-in-out'
  duration={800}
  delay={300}
  animation='tada'
  onFinish={() => alert('Eureka!')}
>
  <h1>Hello World</h1>
</animatable-component>
```

To animate things you can use the `createAnimatableComponent` utility:

```
import {
  createAnimatableComponent
} from '@proyecto26/animatable-component'

const SendMessageButton = (props) =>(
  <ion-fab-button {...props}>
    <ion-icon name='send' />
  </ion-fab-button>
)
const AnimatableSendMessageButton = createAnimatableComponent(SendMessageButton)


const keyFramesSendMessage: Keyframe[] = [
  {
    opacity: '0',
    transform: 'rotate(0deg)'
  },
  {
    opacity: '1',
    transform: 'rotate(360deg)'
  }
]

const optionsSendMessage: KeyframeAnimationOptions = {
  duration: 500,
  easing: 'ease-in-out'
}

...
  render() {
    return (
       <AnimatableSendMessageButton
        keyFrames={keyFramesSendMessage}
        options={optionsSendMessage}
        onFinish={() => alert('Eureka!')}
      />
    )
  }
...
```

## Properties

| Property             | Attribute             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Type                                                                                                                               | Default     |
| -------------------- | --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `animateId`          | `animate-id`          | A DOMString with which to reference the animation.                                                                                                                                                           | `string`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `animation`          | `animation`           | Name of the animation to get the keyFrames.                                                                                                                                                                  | `"bounce" \| "flash" \| "jello" \| "pulse" \| "rotate" \| "shake" \| "swing" \| "rubberBand" \| "tada" \| "wobble" \| "heartBeat" \| "bounceIn" \| "bounceInUp" \| "bounceInDown" \| "bounceInRight" \| "bounceInLeft" \| "bounceOut" \| "bounceOutUp" \| "bounceOutDown" \| "bounceOutRight" \| "bounceOutLeft" \| "fadeIn" \| "fadeInUp" \| "fadeInUpBig" \| "fadeInDown" \| "fadeInDownBig" \| "fadeInRight" \| "fadeInRightBig" \| "fadeInLeft" \| "fadeInLeftBig" \| "fadeOut" \| "fadeOutUp" \| "fadeOutUpBig" \| "fadeOutDown" \| "fadeOutDownBig" \| "fadeOutRight" \| "fadeOutRightBig" \| "fadeOutLeft" \| "fadeOutLeftBig" \| "flip" \| "flipInX" \| "flipInY" \| "flipOutX" \| "flipOutY"` | `undefined` |
| `autoPlay`           | `auto-play`           | Start the animation when the component is mounted.                                                                                                                                                           | `boolean`                                                                                                                          | `true`      |
| `composite`          | `composite`           | Determines how values are combined between this animation and other, separate animations that do not specify their own specific composite operation. Defaults to `replace`.                                  | `"accumulate" \| "add" \| "replace"`                                                                                               | `undefined` |
| `currentTime`        | `current-time`        | Sets the current time value of the animation in milliseconds, whether running or paused.                                                                                                                     | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `delay`              | `delay`               | The number of milliseconds to delay the start of the animation. Defaults to 0.                                                                                                                               | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `direction`          | `direction`           | Direction of the animation.                                                                                                                                                                                  | `"alternate" \| "alternate-reverse" \| "normal" \| "reverse"`                                                                      | `undefined` |
| `duration`           | `duration`            | The number of milliseconds each iteration of the animation takes to complete. Defaults to 0.                                                                                                                 | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `easing`             | `easing`              | The rate of the animation's change over time.                                                                                                                                                                | `custom function \| "linear" \| "ease" \| "ease-in" \| "ease-out" \| "ease-in-out" \| "ease-in-cubic" \| "ease-out-cubic" \| "ease-in-out-cubic" \| "ease-in-circ" \| "ease-out-circ" \| "ease-in-out-circ" \| "ease-in-expo" \| "ease-out-expo" \| "ease-in-out-expo" \| "ease-in-quad" \| "ease-out-quad" \| "ease-in-out-quad" \| "ease-in-quart" \| "ease-out-quart" \| "ease-in-out-quart" \| "ease-in-quint" \| "ease-out-quint" \| "ease-in-out-quint" \| "ease-in-sine" \| "ease-out-sine" \| "ease-in-out-sine" \| "ease-in-back" \| "ease-out-back" \| "ease-in-out-back"`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `endDelay`           | `end-delay`           | The number of milliseconds to delay after the end of an animation.                                                                                                                                           | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `fill`               | `fill`                | Dictates whether the animation's effects should be reflected by the element(s) prior to playing ("backwards"), retained after the animation has completed playing ("forwards"), or both. Defaults to "none". | `"auto" \| "backwards" \| "both" \| "forwards" \| "none"`                                                                          | `undefined` |
| `iterationComposite` | `iteration-composite` | Determines how values build from iteration to iteration in this animation.                                                                                                                                   | `"accumulate" \| "replace"`                                                                                                        | `undefined` |
| `iterationStart`     | `iteration-start`     | Describes at what point in the iteration the animation should start.                                                                                                                                         | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `iterations`         | `iterations`          | The number of times the animation should repeat. Defaults to `1`, and can also take a value of `Infinity` to make it repeat for as long as the element exists.                                               | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `keyFrames`          | --                    | Keyframes of the animation.                                                                                                                                                                                  | `Keyframe[]`                                                                                                                       | `undefined` |
| `keyFramesData`      | `key-frames-data`     | Keyframes of the animation in string format.                                                                                                                                                                 | `string`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `options`            | --                    | Default options of the animation.                                                                                                                                                                            | `KeyframeAnimationOptions`                                                                                                         | `undefined` |
| `optionsData`        | `options-data`        | Default options of the animation in string format.                                                                                                                                                           | `string`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `playbackRate`       | `playback-rate`       | Sets the playback rate of the animation.                                                                                                                                                                     | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `startTime`          | `start-time`          | Sets the scheduled time when an animation's playback should begin.                                                                                                                                           | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event    | Description                                             | Type                       |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `cancel` | This event is sent when the animation is cancelled.     | `CustomEvent<HTMLElement>` |
| `finish` | This event is sent when the animation finishes playing. | `CustomEvent<HTMLElement>` |


## Methods

### `cancel() => Promise<void>`

Clears all `KeyframeEffects` caused by this animation and aborts its playback.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `finish() => Promise<void>`

Sets the current playback time to the end of the animation
corresponding to the current playback direction.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `getCurrentTime() => Promise<number>`

Returns the current time value of the animation in milliseconds, whether running or paused.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<number>`



### `getPending() => Promise<boolean>`

Indicates whether the animation is currently waiting
for an asynchronous operation such as initiating playback
or pausing a running animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<boolean>`



### `getPlayState() => Promise<AnimationPlayState>`

Returns an enumerated value describing the playback state of an animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<AnimationPlayState>`



### `getPlaybackRate() => Promise<number>`

Returns the playback rate of the animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<number>`



### `getStartTime() => Promise<number>`

Returns the scheduled time when an animation's playback should begin.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<number>`



### `pause() => Promise<void>`

Suspends playback of the animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `play() => Promise<void>`

Starts or resumes playing of an animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `reverse() => Promise<void>`

Reverses the playback direction, meaning the animation ends at its beginning.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`


## Using this component

### Script tag

- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='https://unpkg.com/animatable-component@0.1.1/dist/animatable-component.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### Node Modules
- Run `npm install @proyecto26/animatable-component --save`
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='node_modules/@proyecto26/animatable-component/dist/animatable-component.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### In a stencil-starter app
- Run `npm install @proyecto26/animatable-component --save`
- Add an import to the npm packages `import @proyecto26/animatable-component;`
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

## Supporting 🍻
I believe in Unicorns 🦄
Support [me](http://www.paypal.me/jdnichollsc/2), if you do too.

## Security contact information 🚨
To report a security vulnerability, please use the [Tidelift security contact](https://tidelift.com/security). Tidelift will coordinate the fix and disclosure.

## Happy coding 💯
Made with ❤️

<img width="150px" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/28855608?s=200&v=4" align="right">

Commit message:

Add lightSpeed, rotating, sliding, zoom and specials animations... Happy Halloween! 🎃

readme.md, after:

![Built With Stencil](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Built%20With%20Stencil-16161d.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idXRmLTgiPz4KPCEtLSBHZW5lcmF0b3I6IEFkb2JlIElsbHVzdHJhdG9yIDE5LjIuMSwgU1ZHIEV4cG9ydCBQbHVnLUluIC4gU1ZHIFZlcnNpb246IDYuMDAgQnVpbGQgMCkgIC0tPgo8c3ZnIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaWQ9IkxheWVyXzEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyIgeG1sbnM6eGxpbms9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkveGxpbmsiIHg9IjBweCIgeT0iMHB4IgoJIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIiBzdHlsZT0iZW5hYmxlLWJhY2tncm91bmQ6bmV3IDAgMCA1MTIgNTEyOyIgeG1sOnNwYWNlPSJwcmVzZXJ2ZSI%2BCjxzdHlsZSB0eXBlPSJ0ZXh0L2NzcyI%2BCgkuc3Qwe2ZpbGw6I0ZGRkZGRjt9Cjwvc3R5bGU%2BCjxwYXRoIGNsYXNzPSJzdDAiIGQ9Ik00MjQuNywzNzMuOWMwLDM3LjYtNTUuMSw2OC42LTkyLjcsNjguNkgxODAuNGMtMzcuOSwwLTkyLjctMzAuNy05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNmgzMzYuOVYzNzMuOXoiLz4KPHBhdGggY2xhc3M9InN0MCIgZD0iTTQyNC43LDI5Mi4xSDE4MC40Yy0zNy42LDAtOTIuNy0zMS05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNkgzMzJjMzcuNiwwLDkyLjcsMzEsOTIuNyw2OC42VjI5Mi4xeiIvPgo8cGF0aCBjbGFzcz0ic3QwIiBkPSJNNDI0LjcsMTQxLjdIODcuN3YtMy42YzAtMzcuNiw1NC44LTY4LjYsOTIuNy02OC42SDMzMmMzNy45LDAsOTIuNywzMC43LDkyLjcsNjguNlYxNDEuN3oiLz4KPC9zdmc%2BCg%3D%3D&colorA=16161d&style=flat-square)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/proyecto26/animatable-component/graphs/commit-activity)
[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Downloads][downloads-image]][npm-url]
[![TotalDownloads][total-downloads-image]][npm-url]
[![Twitter Follow][twitter-image]][twitter-url]

[npm-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/v/@proyecto26/animatable-component.svg
[npm-url]:https://npmjs.org/package/@proyecto26/animatable-component
[downloads-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@proyecto26/animatable-component.svg
[total-downloads-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@proyecto26/animatable-component.svg?label=total%20downloads
[twitter-image]:https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/jdnichollsc.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20me
[twitter-url]:https://twitter.com/jdnichollsc

# `<animatable-component/>`

Web Component built with `Stencil.js` to use [Web Animations API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Animations_API) in a declarative way.

```
<animatable-component
  autoPlay
  easing='ease-in-out'
  duration={800}
  delay={300}
  animation='tada'
  onFinish={() => alert('Eureka!')}
>
  <h1>Hello World</h1>
</animatable-component>
```

To animate things you can use the `createAnimatableComponent` utility:

```
import {
  createAnimatableComponent
} from '@proyecto26/animatable-component'

const SendMessageButton = (props) =>(
  <ion-fab-button {...props}>
    <ion-icon name='send' />
  </ion-fab-button>
)
const AnimatableSendMessageButton = createAnimatableComponent(SendMessageButton)


const keyFramesSendMessage: Keyframe[] = [
  {
    opacity: '0',
    transform: 'rotate(0deg)'
  },
  {
    opacity: '1',
    transform: 'rotate(360deg)'
  }
]

const optionsSendMessage: KeyframeAnimationOptions = {
  duration: 500,
  easing: 'ease-in-out'
}

...
  render() {
    return (
       <AnimatableSendMessageButton
        keyFrames={keyFramesSendMessage}
        options={optionsSendMessage}
        onFinish={() => alert('Eureka!')}
      />
    )
  }
...
```

## Properties

| Property             | Attribute             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Type                                                                                                                               | Default     |
| -------------------- | --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `animateId`          | `animate-id`          | A DOMString with which to reference the animation.                                                                                                                                                           | `string`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `animation`          | `animation`           | Name of the animation to get the keyFrames.                                                                                                                                                                  | `"bounce" \| "flash" \| "jello" \| "pulse" \| "rotate" \| "shake" \| "swing" \| "rubberBand" \| "tada" \| "wobble" \| "heartBeat" \| "bounceIn" \| "bounceInUp" \| "bounceInDown" \| "bounceInRight" \| "bounceInLeft" \| "bounceOut" \| "bounceOutUp" \| "bounceOutDown" \| "bounceOutRight" \| "bounceOutLeft" \| "fadeIn" \| "fadeInUp" \| "fadeInUpBig" \| "fadeInDown" \| "fadeInDownBig" \| "fadeInRight" \| "fadeInRightBig" \| "fadeInLeft" \| "fadeInLeftBig" \| "fadeOut" \| "fadeOutUp" \| "fadeOutUpBig" \| "fadeOutDown" \| "fadeOutDownBig" \| "fadeOutRight" \| "fadeOutRightBig" \| "fadeOutLeft" \| "fadeOutLeftBig" \| "flip" \| "flipInX" \| "flipInY" \| "flipOutX" \| "flipOutY" \| "lightSpeedIn" \| "lightSpeedOut" \| "rotateIn" \| "rotateInClockwise" \| "rotateInDownLeft" \| "rotateInDownRight" \| "rotateInUpLeft" \| "rotateInUpRight" \| "rotateOut" \| "rotateOutClockwise" \| "rotateOutDownLeft" \| "rotateOutDownRight" \| "rotateOutUpLeft" \| "rotateOutUpRight" \| "slideInUp" \| "slideInDown" \| "slideInLeft" \| "slideInRight" \| "slideOutUp" \| "slideOutDown" \| "slideOutLeft" \| "slideOutRight" \| "zoomIn" \| "zoomInUp" \| "zoomInDown" \| "zoomInLeft" \| "zoomInRight" \| "zoomOut" \| "zoomOutUp" \| "zoomOutDown" \| "zoomOutLeft" \| "zoomOutRight" \| "hinge" \| "jackInTheBox" \| "rollIn" \| "rollOut"` | `undefined` |
| `autoPlay`           | `auto-play`           | Start the animation when the component is mounted.                                                                                                                                                           | `boolean`                                                                                                                          | `true`      |
| `composite`          | `composite`           | Determines how values are combined between this animation and other, separate animations that do not specify their own specific composite operation. Defaults to `replace`.                                  | `"accumulate" \| "add" \| "replace"`                                                                                               | `undefined` |
| `currentTime`        | `current-time`        | Sets the current time value of the animation in milliseconds, whether running or paused.                                                                                                                     | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `delay`              | `delay`               | The number of milliseconds to delay the start of the animation. Defaults to 0.                                                                                                                               | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `direction`          | `direction`           | Direction of the animation.                                                                                                                                                                                  | `"alternate" \| "alternate-reverse" \| "normal" \| "reverse"`                                                                      | `undefined` |
| `duration`           | `duration`            | The number of milliseconds each iteration of the animation takes to complete. Defaults to 0.                                                                                                                 | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `easing`             | `easing`              | The rate of the animation's change over time.                                                                                                                                                                | `custom function \| "linear" \| "ease" \| "ease-in" \| "ease-out" \| "ease-in-out" \| "ease-in-cubic" \| "ease-out-cubic" \| "ease-in-out-cubic" \| "ease-in-circ" \| "ease-out-circ" \| "ease-in-out-circ" \| "ease-in-expo" \| "ease-out-expo" \| "ease-in-out-expo" \| "ease-in-quad" \| "ease-out-quad" \| "ease-in-out-quad" \| "ease-in-quart" \| "ease-out-quart" \| "ease-in-out-quart" \| "ease-in-quint" \| "ease-out-quint" \| "ease-in-out-quint" \| "ease-in-sine" \| "ease-out-sine" \| "ease-in-out-sine" \| "ease-in-back" \| "ease-out-back" \| "ease-in-out-back"`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `endDelay`           | `end-delay`           | The number of milliseconds to delay after the end of an animation.                                                                                                                                           | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `fill`               | `fill`                | Dictates whether the animation's effects should be reflected by the element(s) prior to playing ("backwards"), retained after the animation has completed playing ("forwards"), or both. Defaults to "none". | `"auto" \| "backwards" \| "both" \| "forwards" \| "none"`                                                                          | `undefined` |
| `iterationComposite` | `iteration-composite` | Determines how values build from iteration to iteration in this animation.                                                                                                                                   | `"accumulate" \| "replace"`                                                                                                        | `undefined` |
| `iterationStart`     | `iteration-start`     | Describes at what point in the iteration the animation should start.                                                                                                                                         | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `iterations`         | `iterations`          | The number of times the animation should repeat. Defaults to `1`, and can also take a value of `Infinity` to make it repeat for as long as the element exists.                                               | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `keyFrames`          | --                    | Keyframes of the animation.                                                                                                                                                                                  | `Keyframe[]`                                                                                                                       | `undefined` |
| `keyFramesData`      | `key-frames-data`     | Keyframes of the animation in string format.                                                                                                                                                                 | `string`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `options`            | --                    | Default options of the animation.                                                                                                                                                                            | `KeyframeAnimationOptions`                                                                                                         | `undefined` |
| `optionsData`        | `options-data`        | Default options of the animation in string format.                                                                                                                                                           | `string`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `playbackRate`       | `playback-rate`       | Sets the playback rate of the animation.                                                                                                                                                                     | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |
| `startTime`          | `start-time`          | Sets the scheduled time when an animation's playback should begin.                                                                                                                                           | `number`                                                                                                                           | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event    | Description                                             | Type                       |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `cancel` | This event is sent when the animation is cancelled.     | `CustomEvent<HTMLElement>` |
| `finish` | This event is sent when the animation finishes playing. | `CustomEvent<HTMLElement>` |


## Methods

### `cancel() => Promise<void>`

Clears all `KeyframeEffects` caused by this animation and aborts its playback.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `finish() => Promise<void>`

Sets the current playback time to the end of the animation
corresponding to the current playback direction.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `getCurrentTime() => Promise<number>`

Returns the current time value of the animation in milliseconds, whether running or paused.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<number>`



### `getPending() => Promise<boolean>`

Indicates whether the animation is currently waiting
for an asynchronous operation such as initiating playback
or pausing a running animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<boolean>`



### `getPlayState() => Promise<AnimationPlayState>`

Returns an enumerated value describing the playback state of an animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<AnimationPlayState>`



### `getPlaybackRate() => Promise<number>`

Returns the playback rate of the animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<number>`



### `getStartTime() => Promise<number>`

Returns the scheduled time when an animation's playback should begin.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<number>`



### `pause() => Promise<void>`

Suspends playback of the animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `play() => Promise<void>`

Starts or resumes playing of an animation.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `reverse() => Promise<void>`

Reverses the playback direction, meaning the animation ends at its beginning.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`


## Using this component

### Script tag

- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='https://unpkg.com/animatable-component@0.1.1/dist/animatable-component.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### Node Modules
- Run `npm install @proyecto26/animatable-component --save`
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='node_modules/@proyecto26/animatable-component/dist/animatable-component.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### In a stencil-starter app
- Run `npm install @proyecto26/animatable-component --save`
- Add an import to the npm packages `import @proyecto26/animatable-component;`
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

## Supporting 🍻
I believe in Unicorns 🦄
Support [me](http://www.paypal.me/jdnichollsc/2), if you do too.

## Security contact information 🚨
To report a security vulnerability, please use the [Tidelift security contact](https://tidelift.com/security). Tidelift will coordinate the fix and disclosure.

## Happy coding 💯
Made with ❤️

<img width="150px" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/28855608?s=200&v=4" align="right">
